1. One test we could perform is comparing the readings from the new sensor to the other temperature sensor. 
For the past 24 hours, we could compare the log data for both sensors. If the additional sensor has a significantly 
different value from the first sensor, then this suggests that the issue might be limited to just the additional sensor. 
In other words, the environment is still correct, but there may be a hardware issue with the additional sensor. To recover from this 
problem, we could recalibrate or reset the sensor and get another reading after a set amount of time. Then we could double check the 
temperature reading with the other sensor again and make sure they match.

The biggest pro to this test over the 3rd test (fan) is that it can isolate the problem immediately to the additional sensor. 
With the 3rd test, the sensor could still be accurate, but some environmental issues could also be at play here. The biggest con 
of this test is that it is very simple. In the case that the 2 temperature sensors do match, then we have no indication of what is wrong.


2. Another test we could potentially perform would be to turn on and off the lights over time and see if it impacts the sensor readings. 
We could perform a pattern of turning off and on the lights once again over a period of 24 hours, and observe the graphs of the temperature 
readings. This test could provide a signal and show if the sensor is broken if it does not react at all to the light turning on and off, as 
a light turning on would increase the temperature, and turning it off would decrease the temperature. To recover from this problem, we would 
have to replace the sensor. 

The pros to this test over the 3rd test (fan) is that turning on and off the lights does not require any mechanical parts, so it would be a much 
more reliable test to perform. However, a con to the light is that it may not heat the tank to a considerable amount that would be noticeable, 
while the fan may cool the tank to a more noticeable amount. 


3. Finally, we can also test by turning on the fan and seeing if it impacts the sensor readings. We can observe the temperature values over a 
period of 24 hours as we alternate the fan’s state between “OFF” and “ON”. If the temperature readings do not decrease by turning on the fan, 
then it is likely that the sensor itself is broken. If the temperature reading does decrease, then we can know that at least the sensor is reactive 
to changes in temperature, and we can recalibrate it to account for this. Otherwise, we must replace the sensor. 

This method is the best one because the sensor is very susceptible to changes made by the fan, as it produces a higher temperature difference 
when compared to that of the light. Furthermore, we can efficiently and effectively determine the reactivity of the sensors, much more so than 
varying the state of the lights would, because a fan would cool the tank to a faster degree than the lights, producing a very legible change when 
compared to a slow and gradual change by the lights.
